[AEA-722] connections readme added (#1553)
fetchai/agents-aea: packages/fetchai/connections/oef/readme.md

> # Oef connection
> Connection to deal with oef node within agents. (https://fetchai.github.io/oef-sdk-python/user/introduction.html)
> 
> ## Usage
> Register/unregister services, perform searches using oef protocol.
> Also soef connection is implemented tu use simplified oef protocol version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OEF connection
Connection to interact with an OEF node (https://fetchai.github.io/oef-sdk-python/user/introduction.html).

## Usage
Register/unregister services, perform searches using `fetchai/oef_search:0.3.0` protocol and send messages of any protocol to other agents connected to the same node.
```
